Dump Zino state to temporary file and rename afterwards (#366)
Uninett/zino: changelog.d/364.fixed.md

> Save Zino state to a temporary file before renaming that to correct state file when finished

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid potential state corruption issues by saving the running state to a temporary file before overwriting the existing state file
```
